c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\HuellaDigital.exe.config
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\HuellaDigital.exe
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\HuellaDigital.pdb
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPDevNET.dll
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPShrNET.dll
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.Form1.resources
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.exe
c:\users\senpai\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.pdb
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPEngNET.dll
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPGuiNET.dll
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPCtlXWrapperNET.dll
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPCtlXTypeLibNET.dll
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPShrXTypeLibNET.dll
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\obj\Debug\HuellaDigital.Busqueda.resources
C:\Users\senpai\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\HuellaDigital\HuellaDigital\bin\Debug\DPFPVerNET.dll
